With that,
there's a couple of things that I built,
where I don't know if you remember,
that was early 2020.
There was an Apple conference,
actually, WWDC 2020.
And on the Apple Watch, they released
the thing where you could wash your hands.
So I was watching the conference and
I was like, I think I can do that.
And I spent just a couple of hours
doing in JavaScript because I knew that
this audio model was available.
So there's no sound hopefully.
But you can see here, there's water.
And then you have a countdown of,
yeah, 20 seconds,
because I assumed, I wasn't sure.
I did some research, I think they didn't
really explain how they built it, but
I thought, well, the sound of water is
quite something that you can recognize.
So you could train a model.
And I don't know how much data
Apple actually used to train,
but I only used my tap for,
I don't know, maybe 20 samples.
Obviously, it's a prototype,
it runs in the browser.
But it means that, hey,
I didn't wanna have to buy an Apple
watch just to have this feature.
So now because it's a website,
it also runs on a phone, so
I could have a phone
next to me in 20 seconds.
And I just thought that it was nice that
if you know a bit of machine learning and
JavaScript, you can rebuild things with no
team and no money, just me on my couch.
So I just thought that it was
interesting to see that kind of idea,
and kind of be able to bring it to life.
And I think some people did
the same with coughing,
dictating that maybe someone is sick.
And you can, I don't know, have an alert
that maybe someone has COVID ir something.
So you can do the same, because you
can train a model about coughing.
And another thing that I did is I was
reading a paper about what's called
acoustic activity recognition.
And that was super cool.
Again, the paper was not
implemented in JavaScript, but
the point of it is to build potentially
better IoT home systems by being able to
detect the activities that
you're doing around your house.
So for example, if you are watching
a recipe on the iPad and you're cooking at
the same time, you don't want to go and
pause and you continue and then you pause.
So instead, you could use the sound
of the environment as an input.
So if I'm chopping something,
then you can even imagine the sound of
a knife on a cutting board, like [SOUND].
So that is kind of a different sound,
or the sound of a blender, or
the sound of the door,
like opening the door of your fridge, or
the microwave when it's done,
like [SOUND].
It's like, you can recognize these
sounds and you can train a machine
learning model to kind of end up
creating more smarter devices.
So instead of buying a smart fridge and
a smart coffee machine and a smart
dishwasher or whatever, you could have
almost like a unique system that listens.
And it will be able to alert you about
things without you having to spend a lot
of money on ton of different IoT
devices that work differently and
then your data is sold to a lot of people.